(somber music)
(rain falling)
(Hinata gasping)
(runners panting)
[Takashi] Turn right up here.
Got it.
Those are Moebius guys.
(men yelling)
Huh?
(man yelling)
Draken.
Hey, Mitsuya, Takemitchy.
[Emma] Draken,
are you all right?
Stay back, Emma.
So Peh, you traitor.
What the hell are you doing
teaming up with Moebius?
Shut your mouth, Mitsuya.
Or I'll have 'em kill you too.
You little shits really
think you got a chance
against all of us?
(wheel screeching)
[Peh] Shit, Mikey.
[Takemichi] Just in time.
All right, with Mikey here,
Peh will have to stop.
But it really doesn't
matter much who I am.
All that matters is for now
I'm in charge of Moebius.
I'm Hanma.
(exciting music)
Moebius has a hundred men here
while pitiful Toman
has a measly four.
(engines revving)
Well, well.
Of course you came.
All right all you jackasses.
The Tokyo Manji
Gang is here now.
(Peh grunting)
Looks like the party's
about to get started now.
Let's go!
(all yelling)
Kill 'em all!
Shit, it's started for real now.
But somehow, I still
have to protect Draken.
Where are you, Draken?
Listen, I don't wanna
fight my own family.
So come back, Peh.
(men grunting)
(ethereal music)
There he is.
I found you, Kiyomasa.
I did it this time,
I actually did it.
(men grunting)
(Takemichi gasping)
Draken, no.
Draken!
Draken?
Draken, no.
(Emma gasping)
(Hinata panting)
-(men grunting)
-Draken!
Draken, no.
This can't be happening.
-(melancholic music)
-(people grunting)
What's wrong, Takemitchy?
It's Draken, Mikey.
Draken, he's been
stabbed in the stomach.
I think he's dead.
(Mikey gasping)
(men grunting)
Let me through, jackass.
(Mikey gasping)
(Hanma chuckling)
Hanma.
I finally found you.
Mikey (cackles).
(men grunting)
What the hell?
Fighting's hard work, huh?
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
(men grunting)
[Man] Like that?
(Takemichi panting)
It's over, it's all over now.
Draken is dead.
Hey, Takemitchy.
Huh?
-(Takemichi gasping)
-(Draken gagging)
He's still alive, he's alive!
(men grunting)
Take care of him!
Huh?
He wants me to take
care of Draken?
(men grunting)
(dramatic music)
He's right.
I, I have to.
I have to.
I have to do
something about this.
(Takemichi struggling)
He's so heavy, I already
feel like giving up.
(Draken gagging)
Draken, no.
I'm gonna save you, I swear it.
I'm gonna get you
to the hospital.
I swear.
I swear you're gonna be okay.
Don't give up, me!
[Hinata] Takemichi!
Hina, Emma!
We called and asked
for an ambulance.
How's Draken?
Don't worry, he's still alive!
(rain falling)
Oh, Draken.
What's taking them so long?
Hina, are you sure the ambulance
knows where to find us?
Yeah, but they said
they were backed up
because of the
festival and the rain.
(Takemichi gasping)
-Seriously?
-What?
What's wrong?
Oh no.
What the hell is he doing here?
Ah, what the heck?
You telling me Draken's
still not dead yet?
Yeah, and what's
trashy-mitchy doing here?
(Kiyomasa grunting)
Aren't you ever gonna learn
to mind your own business,
you piece of shit?
(foreboding music)
(Kiyomasa laughing)
Looks like I'm gonna need
some more duct tape over here.
(men laughing)
It's all over.
(water splashing)
[Draken] Takemitchy.
(Takemichi gasping)
Did Draken speak?
You have to hold still.
(Draken gasping)
Thank you for this, Takemitchy.
Now you take Hina and
Emma with you and you run.
Hmm (quivering)?
I'm all right here.
Don't you worry.
Run?
Did I seriously just start
to run away from this?
Did Draken notice that?
Now get going, Takemitchy.
How can I go when
he's falling apart?
And when I lost everything
because I kept running away.
(ominous music)
Am I really going to use my
second chance to run away again?
(Takemichi screaming)
(somber music)
What is it, Takemichi?
Damn, I'm pathetic.
What the hell did I
even come back here for?
Hina, back away.
Huh?
Draken, thank you
for giving me the courage.
What are you going to do?
If I run away, it
all ends right here.
(exciting music)
This isn't just
for everyone else.
[Kiyomasa] What the
hell are you doing?
You wanna die too?
Hey, watch out.
Last chance to run away, kid.
(men laughing)
Hell no.
I'm not running away this time.
This time I'm
finally going to take
my revenge.
(rain falling)
Here's what's up.
You and I still need
to settle things.
Huh?
From our one-on-one
back at the fight club.
Huh?
What the hell are
you talking about?
You lost, everybody there
saw you get your ass kicked.
I didn't lose.
(Kiyomasa scoffing)
Huh, well in that case,
I'm betting a grand
on Takemitchy.
-Huh?
-Wha?
-(somber music)
This is dumb as shit, but
I'll go along with it.
Me too, I'll bet
two thousand on him.
I'll bet three thousand!
You guys, are you nuts?
Ha.
Either these idiots have
all lost their damn minds
or they've been drinking.
(men laughing)
You're wrong again.
[Kiyomasa] How do you figure?
Takemitchy's gonna win.
(defiant music)
Huh?
Thanks, everyone.
Let's do this, Kiyomasa!
We're finishing this!
(Kiyomasa chuckling)
(Takemichi whimpering)
(Hinata gasping)
(Takemichi yelling)
Well now, I thought
I killed you before,
but look how lively
you still are.
Takemichi!
Stay here, Hina!
You'll just get hurt yourself!
But I have to help him!
Look what's happening!
(Takemichi grunting)
See, this ain't no one-on-one.
This here's an execution!
(men laughing)
And guess whose, dude?
You're about to die, Hanagaki.
(Takemichi screaming)
(defiant music intensifying)
(Takemichi yelling)
We're taking over Japan!
-Huh?
-What are you talking about?
You guys, if we're
gonna be delinquents,
we need to find out
how far we can go
if we use nothing but
our hearts and our souls,
and our fists!
-I'm not sure-
-I thought I could be
the most badass delinquent
in all of Tokyo.
[Takuya] Yeah, let's do this.
And for starters, let's
whip Shibuya Third.
(somber music)
But my big dreams got
shattered instantly.
I just didn't have it
in me, to be like Mikey.
(Takemichi grunting)
So, Hanagaki, you gonna try
to hit me eventually or what?
My failure of a life is
all his fault, I thought.
Are you ready to get
punched to death?
And I was just unlucky.
At least, that's
what I believed.
But I was wrong.
The fact is
it's all my own fault!
(Takemichi yelling)
Because I was too weak to
ever face anyone again!
After getting my ass
whupped just once!
(Kiyomasa grunting)
(Takemichi grunting)
You let go of him!
Hey, Hanagaki, don't tell me
that's all you got, shithead.
I don't think your girlfriend's
gonna be too impressed.
Is that how you fight,
by giving him a hug?
That's pathetic,
you chicken-shit!
(Takemichi screaming)
Huh?
(Kiyomasa yelling)
Tell me he did not just bite.
You're a freaking
disgrace, trashy-michi.
Quit fighting like a girl!
(Kiyomasa grunting)
Let go of me, you
little asswipe.
I don't care if I'm a disgrace.
(Kiyomasa yelling)
And I don't care
if I'm pathetic.
And I don't care if
I'm not like Mikey
because I'm Takemichi Hanagaki!
You're just you.
You're Takemichi.
(Hinata whimpering)
(exciting music)
(Takemichi yelling)
I'm not about to
give up on this.
I'm not giving up on my
second chance at life.
Let go of me you little shit!
(Kiyomasa yelling)
Don't let him get away, hang on!
(both yelling)
(rain falling)
(Takemichi grunting)
Did I win?
I got my
revenge.
-Takemichi!
-No, stay back, Hina.
(Takemichi struggling)
(body falling)
You'd be proud, Naoto.
I finally stood my ground.
And I finally took
down Kiyomasa.
But unfortunately, Naoto,
I screwed up the mission.
[Akaishi] You done now?
[Man] That was frigging
lame, Kiyomasa.
Hee, now ya got someone
to go to hell with ya.
(men laughing)
[Takemichi] Hina,
take Emma and run.
What about you?
We'll figure a way out
of this thing somehow.
But how?
We will, don't worry.
I promise you, it's
going to be okay.
Please just go.
Mm.
Let's go, Emma.
(Emma whimpering)
Draken, do you ever wonder
what it's like in heaven?
(Draken scoffing)
(Draken laughing)
Don't you know you're
going to hell, dumbass?
What for?
I haven't done anything
bad enough to deserve that.
Wow, I think these
two still want
their asses beat some more.
They're so freaking annoying.
[Takemichi] I've got
no feeling in the hand
that got stabbed.
And after choking out Kiyomasa,
I can't even lift my
right arm anymore.
(Takemichi grunting)
[Draken] Could
probably knock you over
with a finger right
now, Takemitchy.
[Takemichi] Yeah, Draken?
Look who's talking.
Kill 'em both!
(men yelling)
In the end, I couldn't
change the future.
(Draken and Takemichi yelling)
But I did everything I could.
I'm not gonna look
down until it's over!
(Akaishi laughing)
-Huh?
-(Akkun yelling)
(sword clanging)
(Akaishi growling)
The hell are you crying
for this time, Takemichi?
Crybaby hero.
Whoa, Akkun.
But.
You guys.
The Ferocious Five
is in the house.
(group yelling)
(Akaishi growling)
Hinata said you needed help.
So now just leave this to us.
You'll see we can
be tough as all hell
when we need to be!
Float like a butterfly.
Yeah, and then sting like a bee.
(group yelling)
(men grunting)
All you did was give
us more to kick.
So what are you gonna do now?
Draken, I'm sorry.
-Is that all you got?
-Hm?
I really did try.
But I just couldn't save you.
Huh?
The truth is ever
since I came back here,
nothing's gone right.
(men grunting)
But.
Quit being so useless
and get up and fight!
[Akkun] Useless?
(men grunting)
Yeah, it might be useless.
(exciting music)
Are you gonna fight me or not?
But just the same.
I'm here, let's go!
We give up now?
No way!
Right, Takemichi?
(group snickering)
No way I'm gonna lose this!
(exciting music intensifying)
(siren sounding)
(men grunting)
You guys, thank you for this!
Because it looks like
we won.
(closing theme music)
(singing in Japanese)